Documentation updates for new keys for PKCS#11 unsealing (#13814)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/seal/pkcs11.mdx

  libraries to interpret Windows .dll files).

- `slot` `(string: <slot or token label required>)`: The slot number to use,
  specified as a string (e.g. `"2305843009213693953"`). May also be specified by
  the `VAULT_HSM_SLOT` environment variable.

  ~> **Note**: Slots are typically listed as hex-decimal values in the OS setup

>   utility and their decimal equivalent is what should be used. For example using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  utility and their decimal equivalent is what should be used. For example, using the
```

>   utility and their decimal equivalent is what should be used. For example, using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  utility but this configuration uses their decimal equivalent. For example, using the
```

Perhaps there's still a cleaner wording I'm not thinking of this morning?

>   HSM command-line `pkcs11-tool` a slot listed as `0x2000000000000001`in hex is equal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HSM command-line `pkcs11-tool`, a slot listed as `0x2000000000000001`in hex is equal
```
